docs: updated README and release concurrency (#1567)
spectrocloud/librarium: README.md

- Named as README (case-insensitive): `docs/Guides/README.mdx`
- Same name as the parent folder: `docs/Guides/Guides.md`

### Markdown Links and URLs

> The URL of a page will be composed of the file path to the page in context from the current file. All references to a another documentation page must end with the `.md` extension. Docusaurus will automatically remove the `.md` extension from the URL. The file path is needed for Docuasurus to generate the correct URL for the page when versioning is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The doc page URL is composed of the file path to the page in context from the current file. All references to a another documentation page must end with the `.md` extension. Docusaurus will automatically remove the `.md` extension from the URL. The file path is needed for Docuasurus to generate the correct URL for the page when versioning is enabled.
```

The following example shows how to reference a page in various scenarios. Assume you have the following folder structure when reviewing the examples below:

> 

Reviewer: Really clear example/supporting text structure here.

```shell
.
└── docs
    └── docs-content
        ├── architecture
        │   ├── grpc.md
        │   └── ip-addresses.md
        ├── aws
        │   └── iam-permissions.md
        ├── clusters
        └── security.md
```

#### Same Folder

> 

Reviewer: It's up to you - you could say "To ..." instead of "If you want to..." 
What you have here isn't incorrect, so it's your choice.

> If you want to link to a file in the same folder, you can use the following syntax:

Author: ```suggestion
To link to a file in the same folder, you can use the following syntax:
```

```md
![Insert a description here](name_of_file.md)
```

Because the file is in the same folder, you do not need to specify the path to the file. Docusaurus will automatically search the current folder for the file when compiling the markdown content.

So, if you are in the file `grpc.md` and want to reference the file `ip-addresses.md`, you would use the following syntax:

```md
![A list of all Palette public IP addresses](ip-addresses.md)
```

#### Different Folder

If you want to link to a file in a different folder, you have to specify the path to the file from where the current markdown file is located. 

If you are in the file `security.md` and want to reference the file `iam-permissions.md`, you have to use the following syntax:

```md
![A list of all required IAM permissions for Palette](aws/iam-permissions.md)
```

If you are in the file `grpc.md` and want to reference the file `iam-permissions.md`, you have to use the following syntax:

```md
![A list of all required IAM permissions for Palette](../aws/iam-permissions.md)
```

#### Exceptions

> As of Docusarus `2.4.1`, the ability to reference pages that belong to another plugin is not available. To work around this limitation, URL  reference path must be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Docusarus `2.4.1`, the ability to reference pages that belong to another plugin is unavailable. To work around this limitation, use a URL reference path. 
```

Reviewer: @karl-cardenas-coding Is a reference URL the same as a relative URL? If so, we should stick with the common term. An example would be helpful would be helpful here.

> [!WARNING]
> Be aware that this approach will break versioning. The user experience will be impacted as the user will be redirected to the latest version of the page.

In future releases, Docusaurus will support referencing pages from other plugins. Once this feature is available, we will update the documentation to reflect the changes.

> 

Reviewer: @karl-cardenas-coding Two more scenarios with examples to include are referencing a subheading within the same topic (#) and in a topic in a different folder. If it's the same way as described in the above sections, then maybe just add a line in each section to reference subheadings the same way.
